ENDOSINGAPORE PRIVATE LIMITED
GROUP OUTPATIENT CLINICAL POLICY ENDORSEMENT
ENDORSEMENT NO. 009
To be attached to and form part of the Policy No. 75105 issued to XSG PTE. LTD..
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Policy, it is hereby declared and agreed that
the Group Outpatient Clinical Policy Contract issued prior to the renewal of this Policy (excluding
endorsements attached) shall be superseded and replaced with a new version of the Group
Outpatient Clinical Policy Contract that shall be effective from the Effective Date. Unless expressly
agreed otherwise in writing, or superseded by subsequent endorsements, the endorsements issued
prior to the renewal shall continue to apply and be deemed attached to the new Group Outpatient
Clinical Policy Contract.
EFFECTIVE DATE
February 1, 2025
DATE OF ISSUE
May 19, 2025
ENDOSINGAPORE PRIVATE LIMITED
GROUP OUTPATIENT CLINICAL POLICY CONTRACT
Attaching to
Group Policy No
75105
Effective Date
February 1, 2025
Policyholder
XSG PTE. LTD..
Insured Members
All regular, full time active employees over 16 and under 70 years of age employed by
the Policyholder in Singapore.
Maximum Age of
84 age last birthday as at Policy Anniversary for Insured Members
Coverage
74 age last birthday as at Policy Anniversary for spouse (if applicable)
25 age last birthday as at Policy Anniversary for children (if applicable)
Classification & Plan - Plan 1- Director, Manager and Executive
Plan 2- Non-Executive and DBS Project
SCHEDULE OF BENEFITS
OUTPATIENT TREATMENT AT GENERAL PRACTITIONER CLINICS
PLAN 1
PLAN 21. Panel Clinics & Government Polyclinics'
Limit per visit
As Charged
As Charged
Co-payment
NIL
$5
Number of Visits (Per Policy Year)
Unlimited
Unlimited
2. Non-Panel Clinics'
Limit per visit
$30
NIL
Co-payment
NIL
NIL
Number of Visits (Per Policy Year)
Unlimited
NIL
3. Overseas Outpatient Treatment' (Johor State)
Limit per visit
$30
$15
Co-payment
NIL
$5
Number of Visits (Per Policy Year)
Unlimited
Unlimited
4. Overseas Outpatient Treatment' (excluding Johor State)
Limit per visit
$100
$100
Co-payment
NIL
$5
Number of Visits (Per Policy Year)
Unlimited
Unlimited
5. Outpatient Treatment at Panel TCM Practitioner Clinics
(Consultation Only)
Limit per visit
As Charged
As Charged
Co-Payment
NIL
NIL
Number of Visits (Per Policy Year)
666. Emergency Outpatient Treatment
i) Singapore Government/Restructured Hospital
Limit per visit
As Charged
As Charged
Co-Payment
NIL
$5
Number of Visits (Per Policy Year)
Unlimited
Unlimited
Private Hospital
Limit per visit
$100
$100
Co-Payment
NIL
$5
Number of Visits (Per Policy Year)
227. WhiteCoat Teleconsultation
Limit per visit
NIL
NIL
Co-Payment
NIL
NIL
Number of Visits (Per Policy Year)
NIL
NIL
Overall Limit [Items 1-6 (Per Policy Year)]
$400
$400
ANNUAL PREMIUM RATES
(S$)
(S$)
Employee Only
$486.00
$443.00
Spouse Only
Child Only
Note: The Insured Member is also required to pay the amount of GST charged wherever applicable.
11 refers to Consultation, Medication, Basic outpatient laboratory tests, Plain and Contrast X-ray.
Date of Issue : May 19, 2025
- PROVISIONS -
PART I
Definitions
PART Il
Participation and Termination
Section A
Participation
Section B
Termination
PART III
Benefit Provisions
Section A
Extent of Benefits
Section B - Benefits
PART IV
Limitation & Exclusions & Claims Procedures
Section A
Limitation
Section B
Exclusions
Section C
Notice and Proof of Claim
Section D
Currency and Payment of Claim
Section E
Individual Membership Card
Section F
Cashless Facility
PART V
General Provisions
Section A
Premium Payments
Section B
Grace Period, Termination and Reinstatement of Policy
Section C
Renewal Privilege
Section D
Premium Rate
Section E
The Contract
Section F
Data Required
Section G
Full Disclosure
Section H
Misstatement
Section I
Applicable Law
Section J
Legal Proceedings
Section K
Incontestability
Section L - Policy Non-Participating
Section M - Limitation of Coverage
Section N
Policy Owners' Protection Scheme
Section O - Rights of Third Parties
Section P
Personal Data
Section Q
Subcontractors and Delegates
Section R - Assignment
SCHEDULES -
Policy Schedule
Page 1 of 11
PART I - DEFINITIONS
In this Policy where consistent with the contents the singular shall include the plural and thej plural the singular;
words importing the masculine gender shall include the feminine gender; and each of the following words and
expressions shall have the following meanings: 1. "Accident" shall mean an unforeseen event, which is caused solely and directly by external, violent,
sudden and accidental means.
2. "Active Service" shall mean for an employee reporting to work at the place assigned by the Policyholder
and performing, in a customary manner, all regular duties of his employment with the Policyholder, and
includes such employee on entitled annual leave for reasons other than on medical grounds.
3. "Community Hospital" shall mean a community hospital approved by the Ministry of Health of Singapore
to provide continuity of medical treatment or rehabilitation treatment. For the avoidance of doubt,
hospices, convalescent centres, Hospitals, and nursing homes are not Community Hospitals.
4. "Company" shall mean ENDOSINGAPORE PRIVATE LIMITED (ENDO)
5. "Dependant" shall mean: (a) the spouse of an Insured Member of this Policy, provided such spouse is below the Maximum Age of
Coverage as stated in the Policy Schedule and is not already insured under the Policy; or
(b) each child of an Insured Member, provided such child is at least 2 weeks old and is below the
Maximum Age of Coverage as stated in the Policy Schedule, unmarried and unemployed.
6. "Employee's Compensation Legislation" shall mean the Work Injury Compensation Act 2019,
Singapore, as may be amended or re-enacted, or equivalent legislation.
7. "Entry Date" shall mean the date an individual becomes an Insured Member under this Policy.
8. "Hospital" shall refer exclusively to an institution duly licensed as such and operated pursuant to law for
the care and treatment of sick and injured persons as registered bed patients, with facilities for diagnosis
and major surgery, which is under the supervision of one or more Registered Medical Practitioners, and
which has 24 hours a day professional nursing service. "Hospital" does not include any institution or that
portion of any institution which is operated as a convalescent or nursing home, rest home, home for the
aged, a place for alcoholics or drug addicts, or for any similar purpose.
9. "Hospital Confinement' shall mean: (a) for confinement in a Hospital: (i) for no minimum duration as long as the Hospital makes a charge for room and board; or
(i) for any duration for the purpose of surgery.
(b) for confinement in a Community Hospital: confinement in a Community Hospital which is medically necessary with a valid recommendation
from a Registered Medical Practitioner: from a Singapore Government Restructured Hospital; and
(ii) for medical treatment or extended rehabilitation immediately following discharge from a Singapore
Government Restructured Hospital.
10. "Injury" shall mean bodily injury which is caused solely and directly by Accident.
11. "Insured Members" shall mean Members who, having completed the required Waiting Period and are not
otherwise disqualified from coverage under the terms of this Policy, are participating in the insurance plan
under this Policy, and "Insured Member" shall be construed accordingly.
12. "Maximum Age of Coverage" shall mean the maximum age of coverage SO defined in the Policy
Schedule attached hereto.
Page 2 of 11
13. "Medically Necessary" shall mean a medical treatment, services and/or supply provided by a Registered
Medical Practitioner and/or Specialist covered under this Policy which are: (a) consistent with the diagnosis and customary medical treatment, service and/or supply for
Sickness or Injury;
(b) in accordance with standards of good medical practice; consistent with the current standard of
professional medical care and with proven medical benefits;
(c) not for the convenience of the Insured Member, Registered Medical Practitioner or the Specialist,
and unable to be reasonably rendered out of Hospital (if admitted for confinement); and
(d) not of an experimental, investigational or research nature, preventing or screening nature.
14. "Members" shall mean the persons SO defined in the Policy Schedule attached hereto.
15. "Mental Care" shall mean care and treatment for mental or psychological conditions where the Insured
Member is afflicted by Sickness, or a definition accepted in the insurance market.
16. "Panel General Practitioner" shall mean a Registered Medical Practitioner who has been appointed by
the Company.
17. "Panel Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Practitioner" shall mean a Registered TCM Practitioner
who has been appointed by the Company.
18. "Policy" shall mean this agreement, the attached Policy Schedule, any riders or endorsements therein,
any amendments thereto signed by the Company, therein the application attached hereto to the
Policyholder, and the individual enrolment forms, if any, of the Insured Member, which together constitute
the entire contract between the parties.
19. "Policy Anniversary Date" shall mean the anniversary of the Policy Effective Date or such other date as
may be agreed in writing between the Policyholder and the Company.
20. "Policy Effective Date" shall mean the date from which the coverage under this Policy becomes effective.
21. "Policy Period" shall mean a period of one year or such other periods as may be agreed in writing between
the Company and the Policyholder, starting with the Policy Effective Date and the subsequent Policy
Anniversary Dates.
22. "Registered Medical Practitioner" shall mean only a person qualified by a degree in western medicine
and legally authorized in the geographical area of his practice to render medical or surgical services, and
who is not: (i) the Insured Member, or (ii) a member of his immediate family, or (Ili) other relative of the
Insured Member.
23. "Sickness" shall mean a physical condition marked by a pathological deviation from the normal healthy
state.
24. "Specialist" shall mean a Registered Medical Practitioner who specializes in a specific area in a medical
field, and who is not: (i) the Insured Member, or (ii) a member of his immediate family, or (ii) other relative
of the Insured Member.
25. "Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) Practitioner" shall mean a person who is qualified to provide a
prescribed practice of TCM and is registered and issued with a license to practice the TCM by the TCM
Practitioners Board of Singapore, and who is other than the Insured Member, a member of his immediate
family or other relative.
26. "Singapore Government Restructured Hospital" shall mean the privatized Singapore Government
Hospital.
27. "Waiting Period" shall mean the period SO defined in the Policy Schedule attached hereto.
Page 3 of 11
PART II- PARTICIPATION AND TERMINATION
Section A - Participation
1. The Policyholder shall declare to the Company full particulars of Members and Dependants (as may be
the case) prior to the Policy Effective Date and within 90 days of the Entry Date for each new Member and
of the date the Dependant becomes eligible to participate in the insurance plan.
2. Members and Dependants already eligible on the Policy Effective Date shall be eligible for participation
on the Policy Effective Date.
3. Members and Dependants not eligible as of the Policy Effective Date and new Members and Dependants
shall become eligible for participation hereunder on the day following the Member's completion of the
required Waiting Period as specified in the Policy Schedule.
4. An Individual who becomes a Dependant after the Policy Effective Date shall become eligible to participate
in the insurance plan on the date such person becomes a Dependant.
5. Members whose participation has been terminated and who re-apply for participation shall be considered
as new Members.
6. Any Member who is not in Active Service on the date he would otherwise become eligible for participation
hereunder shall not be eligible until the day he returns to Active Service.
7. Any Dependant who is in Hospital Confinement on the date he would otherwise become eligible for
insurance hereunder shall not be eligible until the date he is no longer in Hospital Confinement.
Section B - Termination
The insurance hereunder of any Insured Member shall automatically cease on the earliest of the following
dates: 1. The date on which the Policy is terminated.
2. The date of the expiration of the period for which the last premium payment is made on account of the
Insured Member's insurance.
3. The end of the Policy Period during which the Insured Member attains the Maximum Age of Coverage as
stated in the Policy Schedule.
4. The date on which the Insured Member resigns, retires or terminates his employment with the
Policyholder, or ceases to be covered under the Policy for any other reason.
5. The date communicated to the Policyholder by the Company as the date the Policy ceases on account of
war, or an act of war, such date being determined at the discretion of the Company.
6. On the expiry of 12 months from the start of the Insured Member being continuously: (a) on temporary leave of absence;
(b) on vacation without pay; or
(c) sick or injured (with or without continued uninterrupted absence from work).
7. The date the Dependant ceases to fulfill the conditions that have permitted him to become insured as a
Dependant.
Page 4 of 11
PART III - BENEFIT PROVISIONS
Section A - Extent of Benefits
The Company will pay the benefits described below for the expenses incurred at outpatient clinics as a result
of Sickness or Injury sustained by the Insured Member while insured under this Policy.
Coverage shall be subject to the limits set forth in the Policy Schedule and all terms and conditions of this
Policy.
Section B - Benefits
1. Outpatient treatment at Panel General Practitioner clinics, Panel TCM Practitioner clinics &
Government Polyclinics
If an Insured Member shall receive care and treatment included in the Schedule of Covered Benefits
attached hereto from a Panel General Practitioner at his clinic, Panel TCM Practitioner at his clinic or
from a Government Polyclinic, the Company shall,
(a) pay the expenses incurred at Panel GP clinics or Panel TCM clinics directly to the Panel clinics;
or
(b) reimburse the Insured Member for expenses incurred at Government Polyclinics.
2. Outpatient treatment by non-Panel General Practitioners (Local & Overseas)
If an Insured Member shall incur expenses for care and treatment performed by non-Panel Registered
Medical Practitioners (local or overseas) and if such services are included in the Policy Schedule, the
Company shall reimburse the Insured Member for such expenses.
3. Emergency Outpatient Treatment
If an Insured Member shall require outpatient treatment at the Accident & Emergency Department of a
Hospital the Company shall pay the Insured Member for such expenses, up to the limit shown in the Policy
Schedule.
4. Mental Care
Where Mental Care is a benefit expressly included in the Policy Schedule in the Policy, this benefit shall
be paid, up to the Mental Care limit shown in the Policy Schedule, when an Insured Member incurs out-
patient expenses for care and treatment by a non-Panel General Practitioner.
PART IV - LIMITATION & EXCLUSIONS & CLAIMS PROCEDURES
Section A - Limitation
1. When an Insured Member is entitled to benefits payable under the Employee's Compensation Legislation,
any government or public programme of medical benefits, or other group or individual insurance, the
benefits payable under this Policy shall be limited to the balance of expenses not covered by benefits
payable under such legislation, programme or other insurance, or that computed in accordance with the
Policy Schedule of this Policy, whichever is less.
2. Ifa claim is admitted under this Policy, the Insured Member will not be reimbursed for the same charges,
nor any amounts in excess of thel limits specified in the Policy Schedule comprised in such charges, under
any other group insurance policy issued by the Company, other than such amount that is part of the
benefits the Company has agreed to provide under such other group insurance policy.
Further, if the Company has admitted a claim or paid the benefit under similar coverage provided under
another insurance policy, rider or supplementary agreement, all issued by the Company, no further
payment for any amount in excess of what was admitted or paid will be made under this Policy, unless it
is part of the benefits the Company has agreed to provide under this Policy.
For clarity, if the claimant submits multiple claims for different charges comprised in one or more bills, all
arising from the same covered event, the Company has the full discretion to treat such multiple claims as
one claim for the purpose of determining the benefits the Policyholder is entitled to under the Policy for
that event.
Page 5 of 11
Section B - Exclusions
No benefit shall be payable under this Policy for any one of the following occurrences: 1. General physical or medical check-up or health screening or tests noti incidental to treatment or diagnosis
of an actual Sickness or Injury; treatment which is not Medically Necessary or treatment of an optional or
preventive nature; immunization, vaccination or inoculation; non-prescribed medication, over-the-counter
items such as but not limited to vitamins, health supplements, shampoos and moisturizers even if
prescribed by a doctor.
2. Care and treatment performed by a Specialist.
3. Specialised investigations such as but not limited to MRI, CT Scan, Barium Test.
4. Any expenses incurred in relation to any type of therapy including but not limited to physiotherapy or
dialysis.
5. Investigation and treatment of psychological, emotional, mental and behavioral conditions except where
covered as a "Mental Care" Benefit in the Policy Schedule.
6. Investigations, diagnosis and treatment relating to alcoholism or drug addiction, overdose of drugs
(whether intentional or accidental), intentional self-inflicted injuries except where occurring in a state of
insanity not resulting from alcohol or drug consumption.
7. Treatment of injuries sustained as a result of a criminal act of the Insured Member.
8. Treatment relating to birth control; investigation or treatment occasioned by or resulting from pregnancy,
infertility, childbirth and abortion.
9. Treatment of xanthelasma, skin tags, vitiligo, acne, alopecia, weight reduction or weight improvement
regardless of whether the same is caused (directly or indirectly) by a medical condition, Sickness or Injury.
10. Cosmetic procedure or plastic surgery except to the extent that such surgery is necessary for the repair
or damage caused solely by Injury covered under the Policy.
11. Any investigation or treatment for congenital anomalies or complications arising from such congenital
anomalies, or physical defects present at and existing from the time of birth regardless of the time of
discovery or the time of such treatment or surgical treatment.
12. Acquired Immuno-Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS), AIDs related complexes and all illnesses or diseases
associated with the Human Immuno-Deficiency Virus (HIV), unless acquired due to Medically Necessary
blood transfusions or occupational related infections (where proof of which must be made available to the
Company.)
13. Any eye examination or treatment for the correction of eye refraction; procurement of contact lenses and
eyeglasses. Procurement and rental of/or use of special braces, any appliances, any equipment or
prosthetic devices, wheelchair, walking aids, hearing aids or the fitting of the same and non-medical
services such as government taxes, television, telephone and the like.
14. Any expenses, including investigations, incurred in relation to Sickness and Injury during or in the course
of employment which constitutes a valid claim under the Employee's Compensation Legislation.
15. Any surcharge incurred due to visits outside the normal operating hours of the clinic.
16. Drugs purchased without a doctor's prescription.
Page 6 of 11
Section C - Notice and Proof of Claim
Claims must be submitted to the Company within ninety (90) days of date incurred.
Original copies of receipts and itemized bills, together with a fully completed claim form supplied by the
Company must be furnished by the Policyholder to the Company within ninety (90) days after the termination
of the period for which the claim is made, or as soon thereafter as may be consistent with the Policyholders
internal administrative procedures.
Section D - Currency and Payment of Claim
Payment of all benefits will be made in the currency in which this Policy is effected. Charges incurred in any
other currency shall be payable in Singapore Dollars, or currency of the Policy on the basis of the prevailing
rate used by the Company on the date the claims were processed.
All benefits that pertain to an Insured Member shall be paid to the order of the Insured Member, unless the
Policyholder for reasons acceptable to the Company requests otherwise; Payment of any sum made by the
Company as provided by this Section shall be a valid discharge to the Company and shall release the
Company of all claims, demand, liabilities and damages, whatsoever in respect thereto.
The Company shall not be liable for any bank charges or credit charges or any foreign exchange loss.
Ifi the Company erroneously pays on a claim to any Insured Member, or the Company subsequently becomes
aware that any information or document submitted in support of any claim was falsified or fraudulently made,
after payment for any benefit had been made to an Insured Member under this Policy, the Policyholder shall
be liable to make restitution to the Company for all monies paid on such claims which the Insured Member
is not entitled to under this Policy.
Section E - Individual Membership Card
1. The Company shall issue to the Policyholder, for delivery to each Insured Member, an individual
membership card certifying that such Insured Member has become insured under this Contract.
2. The Insured Member is required to present the individual membership card and identity card at Panel
General Practitioner Clinics and Panel TCM Practitioner Clinics at the point of registration.
3. A penalty of ten (10) dollars shall be payable to the Company by the Policyholder for the replacement of
each individual membership card.
Section F - Cashless Facility
The Company agrees to provide a cashless facility whereby the Insured Member does not have to make
payment for care and treatment stated in the Policy Schedule at AIA Panel General Practitioner Clinics, and
the following terms shall form the basis for the above-mentioned facility: 1. The Policyholder undertakes to reimburse the Company for any amounts not payable or not covered under
the Policy. Such sums should be settled within fourteen (14) days of the date of the notification from the
Company.
2. The aforementioned cashless facility will be suspended if the Policyholder fails to settle with the Company
within the time specified. The Policyholder will still be liable to the Company for outstanding sums in
arrears including any interest charged by the clinic even though the cashless facility is suspended or
terminated.
3. In the event that the Policyholder fails to settle the outstanding sums within the time specified, they are
deemed a debt owed to the Company, and the Company reserves the right to terminate the Policy and
use any part of the unused premium to set off part or whole of the debt.
4. The Company reserves the right to terminate the cashless facility by giving one month's notice in advance
to the Policyholder.
Page 7 of 11
PART V - GENERAL PROVISIONS
Section A - Premium Payments
The premium is payable to the Company on each premium due date, unless otherwise specified by the
Company in writing.
Section B - Grace Period, Termination and Reinstatement of Policy
1. Any premium due must be paid and actually received in full by the Company within the time period
stipulated below ("Grace Period"): (a) Where the premium is payable on an annual basis, thirty (30) days from the Policy Effective Date
or Policy Anniversary Date, or thirty (30) days from the date of the tax invoice for premium due
issued by the Company, whichever is later, or
(b) Where premium is payable other than on an annual basis;
(i) Thirty (30) days from the Policy Effective Date or Policy Anniversary Date, or thirty (30)
days from the date of the tax invoice for premium due issued by the Company, whichever
is later, for the first premium of each Policy Period; and
(ii) on the agreed premium due dates for subsequent premiums.
2. In the event that any premium is not paid to the Company within the Grace Period or the agreed premium
payment date, the Company reserves the right to terminate this Policy from the respective Premium Due
Date as specified in the Policy Schedule and the Company shall be discharged from all liabilities therefrom.
3. Where the Policyholder has confirmed its intention to renew this Policy but has not provided the Company
with the complete data necessary for the renewal of the Policy on or before the Policy Anniversary Date,
the Company shall issue a tax invoice for the estimated renewal premium. The payment of the estimated
premium under the tax invoice shall be paid within the Grace Period, failing which the Policy may be
terminated by the Company.
4. No benefits for any covered event occurring after the Policy Effective Date or Policy Anniversary Date
shall be paid until premiums due on the respective Premium Due Date are received in full by the Company.
5. This Policy may be terminated as at any Premium Due Date by either the Policyholder or the Company
by giving a written notice of termination on the other party, not later than thirty-one (31) days before the
Premium Due Date on which such termination shall be effective. Termination shall be without prejudice to
any claim arising prior to the effective date of termination.
6. After termination of the Policy, the Policyholder may apply for reinstatement which shall be subject to the
consent of the Company and to the terms and conditions which the Company may impose including the
payment of any premium due and not paid together with the interest at a rate to be decided upon by the
Company.
7. If the Policy is terminated by the Policyholder before the end of a Policy Period for any reason and in any
manner other than provided in the above paragraphs, the Company shall charge the following premiums
("Short Term Premiums") for the period of cover up to and including the date of such termination: Short Term Premiums (expressed as
Period of Cover
the number of months' premiums)
Up to one 1 month
3 months
More than 1 month and up to 2 months
4 months
More than 2 months and up to 3 months
5 months
More than 3 months and up to 4 months
6 months
More than 4 months and up to 5 months
7 months
More than 5 months and up to 6 months
8 months
More than 6 months and up to 7 months
10 months
More than 7 months
12 months
Page 8 of 11
Section C - Renewal Privilege
This Policy is issued for the term of one (1) year and at the end of each Policy Period, may be renewed on
such terms as the Policyholder and Company may agree to. The Company reserves the right not to invite the
Policyholder to renew this Policy should there be any due and unpaid premiums.
Section D - Premium Rate
1. The Company shall have the right to change the rate at which the premiums are payable, such change to
be effective on a Policy Anniversary Date, provided that the Company notifies the Policyholder at least
thirty-one (31) days in advance of such Premium Due Date of such change.
2. Premium adjustments involving return of unearned premiums to the Policyholder shall be limited to the
period starting with the latest Policy Anniversary preceding the date of receipt by the Company of evidence
that such adjustments should be made.
Section E - The Contract
1. All statements in writing relating to material facts made by the Policyholder, or by the Insured Member,
whether contained in this Policy or the documents referred to in Section G of this Part V, shall in the
absence of fraud be deemed representations and not warranties.
2. The rights of the Policyholder or of any Insured Member or of any beneficiary under the Policy shall not
be affected by any provision other than those contained in this Policy or in the copy of the Policyholder's
application attached hereto, or in the individual enrolment form of an Insured Member, or in any other
document which constitutes part of the entire contract.
3. No agent or third party is authorized to alter or amend this Policy, to accept premiums in arrears or to
extend the due date of any premium, to waive any notice or proof of claim required by this Policy, or to
extend the date before which any: such notice or proof must be submitted. No change in this Policy shall
be valid unless approved by the Company and evidenced by the endorsement thereon, or by amendment
hereto signed by the Policyholder and by the Company.
4. Any reference in this Policy to an Insured Member in respect of his rights, obligations, benefits or
entitlement under this Policy shall be construed to include the Policyholder through whom the Insured
Member has acquired such rights, obligations, benefits or entitlement, as the context may require.
Section F - Data Required
1. The Policyholder shall maintain a record with respect to each Insured Member under this Policy, showing
the name, sex, age or date of birth, amount of insurance, the date insurance becomes effective, the date
insurance is terminated, changes, with dates noted and other pertinent information as may be necessary
to carry out the terms of this Policy.
2. Clerical errors in keeping the records shall not invalidate insurance otherwise in force nor reinstate
insurance otherwise validly terminated, but upon the discovery of such error, an equitable adjustment shall
be made.
3. The Policyholder shall furnish the Company with all information and proof which the Company may
reasonably require with regard to any matters pertaining to the Policy. All documents furnished to the
Policyholder by any Member in connection with the insurance, and other records as may have a bearing
on the insurance under this Policy, shall be opened for inspection by the Company at all reasonable times.
4. It shall be the responsibility of the Policyholder to ensure that the personal information provided to the
Company is accurate. The Policyholder shall indemnify and keep indemnified, defend and hold harmless,
the Company from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, costs, expenses, actions and
proceedings suffered by the Company as a result of the Policyholder's failure to carry out the aforesaid
Page 9 of 11
Section G - Full Disclosure
All material facts and circumstances relating to any insurance coverage to be effected under this Policy in
respect of any Insured Member, shall, up to the date coverage is provided to that insured by the Company, be
fully disclosed to the Company by the Policyholder or Insured Member.. Any non-disclosure, misrepresentation
or fraud shall entitle the Company to avoid all liabilities existing under this Policy in respect of that Insured
Member.
Without prejudice to the generality of the above provisions and the provisions in Section H of this Part V
relating to an Insured Member, the Company will rely on the information and statements provided by the
Policyholder in the Group Insurance Fact-Finding Form or the equivalent of such document, the application
form and all other documents required by the Company to be completed and executed by the Policyholder for
the purpose of needs analysis or as part of the sales process relating to the Policy. The Policyholder
acknowledges that all statements and information provided in such documents must be complete, true and
accurate. If any statement or information in such documents is incomplete, untrue or inaccurate, the Company
may deny a claim under the Policy, declare the Policy void, or vary the terms and conditions of the Policy.
If any claim has been admitted and benefits paid before the Company became aware of a statement or
information being incomplete, untrue or inaccurate, the Policyholder will on demand by the Company
reimburse the Company all benefits paid or the monetary equivalent of such benefits (as may be reasonably
determined by the Company) if they were not paid in cash.
Section H - Misstatement
1. If the age or date of birth or other relevant facts relating to an Insured Member shall be found to have been
misstated and if such misstatement affects the scale of benefits or has anything to do with the terms and
conditions of this Policy, the true age and facts shall be used in determining whether insurance is in force
under the terms of this Policy and the benefits payable therefrom, and an equitable adjustment of
premiums shall be made.
2. Where a misstatement of age or other relevant facts have caused an individual to be insured hereunder
where he is otherwise ineligible for any insurance, or where such statement has caused an individual to
remain insured when he would otherwise be disqualified in accordance with the terms and limitations of
this Policy, the Company may in its absolute discretion declare the insurance to be void, annul such
insurance and there shall be a return of premiums paid in respect of the individual, provided always that
where there is fraud on the part of thel Policyholder or Insured Member, no premiums paid will be returned.
If any claim has been admitted and benefits paid before the Company was made aware of the
misstatement, the Policyholder will on demand by the Company reimburse the Company all benefits paid
or the monetary equivalent of such benefits (as may be reasonably determined by the Company) if they
were not paid in cash.
Section I- Applicable Law
This Policy, and all rights, obligations and liabilities arising hereunder, shall be construed and determined and
may be enforced in accordance with the law of the Place of Issue.
Section J - Legal Proceedings
No action in law or in equity shall be brought to recover on this Policy prior to the expiration of ninety (90)
days after proof of claim has been filed in accordance with the requirements of this Policy, nor shall such
action be brought at all unless brought within two years from the expiration of time within which such proof of
claim is required by the Policy.
Section K - Incontestability
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated heretofore in this Policy, the validity of the Policy shall be
incontestable, except for non-payment of premiums or for fraud, after it has been in force for one (1) year from
its Date of Issue or date of any reinstatement whichever is later. The insurance of any Insured Member and
any subsequent additional insurance shall be incontestable except for non-payment of premium or for fraud,
after such insured's insurance has been in force during his lifetime for one (1) year from his effective date of
coverage and the date of each subsequent increase of insurance respectively.
Page 10 of 11
Section L - Policy Non-Participating
This Policy shall not participate in any surplus distribution by the Company.
Section M - Limitation of Coverage
This Policy shall not cover or provide for the payment of benefits to specific persons or entities as a result of
any of the following: The application of or compliance with certain laws and regulations which prohibit performance based on the
identity, domicile, place of incorporation or nationality of the Policyholder, Insured Member, claimant, insurer,
or the parent company and ultimate controlling entity of thel Policyholder, Insured Member, claimant or insurer,
or the country where the claim arises.
Should any person or entity be found to have been erroneously enrolled under this Policy, insurance coverage
for such person or entity shall cease with immediate effect and any unearned premiums paid in respect of
such person or entity shall be refunded by the Company to the Policyholder.
Should any claim for payment of any nature be found to have been made under this Policy by a person or
entity excluded by this provision, no such payment will be made.
Section N - Policy Owners' Protection Scheme
This Policy is protected under the Policy Owners' Protection Scheme which is administered by the Singapore
Deposit Insurance Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for your policy is automatic and no further action is required
from you. For information on the types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits of
coverage, where applicable, please contact your insurer or visit the GIA/LIA or SDIC websites (www.gia.org.sg
or www.lia.org.sg or www.sdic.org.sg).
Section O - Rights of Third Parties
The Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001, Singapore and any subsequent revisions, amendments,
changes or replacement of its provisions shall not apply to this Policy and a person who is not a party to this
Policy has no rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 2001, Singapore to enforce the terms
of this Policy.
Section P - Subcontractors and Delegates
Notwithstanding any other agreement to the contrary, the Company may in its sole and absolute discretion
subcontract or delegate any of its services in the administration of the Policy or the performance of its other
obligations under this Policy to a third party appointed by the Company at its own cost and expense, subject
that the Company will remain responsible and liable to the Policyholder for the work and activities of each
subcontractor or delegated person for the Company's obligations under this Policy.
Section R - Assignment
Neither a benefit under this Policy nor the Policy can be assigned, pledged or used as security by the
Policyholder or any Insured Member in any transaction.
Page 11 of 11